#7723 Adding Micro-ROS hardware brige utility. (#78)
micro-ROS/micro_ros_setup: micro_ros_setup/README.md

ros2 run micro_ros_agent micro_ros_agent [parameters]
```

# Building micro-ROS Hardware Bridge software

> The next package will return a set of tool which are required to set-up the Micro-ROS Hardware Bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next package will return a set of tool which are required to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge.
```

```
ros2 run micro_ros_setup create_bridge_tools.sh
```

This package could take more than an hour to finish the build process, but on later executions, this time will be reduced to around 5~10 minutes.
Once the process is finished, it will return a folder on which contains the next:
- Micro-ROS Agent for ARM.
- Micro-ROS-HB: This is a script that simplifies the configuration of the hardware bridge and the usage of Micro-ROS Agent on the device.

> You can find detail information about how to set-up the Micro-ROS Hardware Bridge on the next document: [Micro-ROS Hardware Bridge Set-up](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/blob/new_bridge_tools/Readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- micro-ROS Agent for ARM.
- micro-ROS-HB: This is a script that simplifies the configuration of the hardware bridge and the usage of micro-ROS Agent on the device.

You can find detail information about how to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge on the next document: [micro-ROS Hardware Bridge Set-up](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/blob/new_bridge_tools/Readme.md)
```

## Flashing micro-ROS firmware

In order to flash the target platform run `flash_firmware.sh` command.

> This step may need some platform-specific procedure to boot the platform in flashing node:

Reviewer 2: flashing node o mode?

Author: It was a mistake, is mode. Changed

```
ros2 run micro_ros_setup flash_firmware.sh
```

# Building micro-ROS-Agent

> Using this package is possible to install a ready to use **micro-ROS-Agent**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By using this package, it is possible to install a ready to use **micro-ROS-Agent**:
```

ros2 run micro_ros_agent micro_ros_agent [parameters]
```

# Building micro-ROS Hardware Bridge software

> The next package will return a set of tool which are required to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package below will return a set of tools which are required to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge.
```

```
ros2 run micro_ros_setup create_bridge_tools.sh
```

> This package could take more than an hour to finish the build process, but on later executions, this time will be reduced to around 5~10 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package could take more than an hour to finish the build process, but in later executions, this time will be reduced to around 5~10 minutes.
```

> Once the process is finished, it will return a folder on which contains the next:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the process is finished, it will return a folder on which contains the following:
```

- micro-ROS Agent for ARM.
- micro-ROS-HB: This is a script that simplifies the configuration of the hardware bridge and the usage of micro-ROS Agent on the device.

> You can find detail information about how to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge on the next document: [micro-ROS Hardware Bridge Set-up](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/blob/new_bridge_tools/Readme.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find detailed information about how to set-up the micro-ROS Hardware Bridge in this document: [micro-ROS Hardware Bridge Set-up](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/blob/new_bridge_tools/Readme.md)
```
